Expand testing docs (#2745)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: docs/releasing/testing-and-linting.md

See [Tasks](tasks.md) for details of what `npm test` does.

### Running individual tests
You can run a subset of the test suite that only tests components by running:

    `npm test -- --testPathPattern=src/govuk/components/button`

Note: There's a watch mode that keeps a testing session open waiting for changes that can be used with:

    `npm test -- --watch src/govuk/components/button`

### Running only SASS linting

```
npm run lint:scss
```

See [CSS Coding Standards](/docs/contributing/coding-standards/css.md#linting) for details.

### Running only JavaScript linting

```
npm run lint:js
```

See [JavaScript Coding Standards](/docs/contributing/coding-standards/js.md#formatting-and-linting) for details.

## Unit and functional tests with Node.js

We use [Jest](https://jestjs.io/), an automated testing platform with an assertion library, and [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/) that is used to control [headless Chrome](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2017/04/headless-chrome).

### Component tests

> We write tests for every component to check the output of our Nunjucks code. These are found in `template.test.js` files in each component directory. These Nunjucks tests call `render` on the component examples defined in the component yaml files, and asserts the HTML tags, attributes and classes are as expected. For example: checking that when you pass in an `id` to the component using the Nunjucks macro, it outputs the component with an `id` attribute equal to that value.

Reviewer: What type of test would component tests be? Unit or functional? I'm wondering if we should sus this out and jot it up as a conscious choice. I _think_ this is functional as we're doing less logic based tests compared to making sure stuff renders properly.

Author: I think functional too. I'll add that in here somewhere...

If a component uses JavaScript, we also write tests in a `[component name].test.js` file, for example [checkboxes.test.js](../../src/govuk/components/checkboxes/checkboxes.test.js). These component tests check that interactions, e.g: a mouse click, have the expected result, e.g: the component gaining focus or the addition of a class.

> Component JavaScript logic should also be tested using unit tests, in a `[component name].unit.test.mjs` file.

Reviewer: Once we have a unit test, we should provide an example as we have done on line 63.

The CI lints SASS and JavaScript, runs unit and functional tests with Node, and generates snapshots for [visual regression testing](https://www.browserstack.com/percy/visual-testing).

## Testing terminology

We use different types of tests to check different areas of our code are working as expected.

> Unit tests are small, modular tests that verify a "unit" of code. We write unit tests to check our JavaScript logic, particularly 'background logic' that doesn't heavily rely on DOM interaction (where functional tests may be better suited).

Reviewer 2: Expand 'doesn't' into 'does not'.
Also, does DOM need to be expanded?

> Functional tests verify the output of an action and do not check the intermediate states of the system when performing that action. We write functional tests to check component interactions have the expected results, so we also refer to these as component tests. We also write functional tests to check that our Nunjucks code outputs expected HTML, and we tend to refer to these as our Nunjucks tests.

Reviewer 2: Suggest removing 'tend to'. If we use more than one terminology for the test, we should say under what circumstances we call them Nunjucks tests or [some other tests] under other circumstances.

[Snapshot tests](https://facebook.github.io/jest/docs/en/snapshot-testing.html) are used for preventing unintended changes to our component markup. When the snapshot test runs, it  compares the previously captured snapshot to the current markup.

Visual regression tests help us check for any unintended visual changes to our components. We use [Percy](https://percy.io/) to generate and store screenshots of our components.

## Running linting and tests

### Running all tests locally

To check the whole codebase, run:

```
npm test
```

This will trigger [standard](https://github.com/standard/standard) and [stylelint](https://github.com/stylelint/stylelint) for linting, and [Jest](https://github.com/facebook/jest) for our testing.

See [Tasks](tasks.md) for details of what `npm test` does.

### Running individual tests
You can run a subset of the test suite that only tests components by running:

>     `npm test -- --testPathPattern=src/govuk/components/button`

Reviewer 3: Interesting! I didn't know you could do it this way. I use `npx jest src/govuk/components/button` which _might_ be easier to remember 🤔

Author: Nice, didn't know about that 👍 I'll update this bit of the docs.

Note: There's a watch mode that keeps a testing session open waiting for changes that can be used with:

    `npm test -- --watch src/govuk/components/button`

### Running only SASS linting

```
npm run lint:scss
```

See [CSS Coding Standards](/docs/contributing/coding-standards/css.md#linting) for details.

### Running only JavaScript linting

```
npm run lint:js
```

See [JavaScript Coding Standards](/docs/contributing/coding-standards/js.md#formatting-and-linting) for details.

## Unit and functional tests with Node.js

We use [Jest](https://jestjs.io/), an automated testing platform with an assertion library, and [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/) that is used to control [headless Chrome](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2017/04/headless-chrome).

### Component tests

> We write functional tests for every component to check the output of our Nunjucks code. These are found in `template.test.js` files in each component directory. These Nunjucks tests call `render` on the component examples defined in the component yaml files, and asserts the HTML tags, attributes and classes are as expected. For example: checking that when you pass in an `id` to the component using the Nunjucks macro, it outputs the component with an `id` attribute equal to that value.

Reviewer 3: Minor suggestion for readability

```suggestion
We write functional tests for every component to check the output of our Nunjucks code. These are found in `template.test.js` files in each component directory. These Nunjucks tests render the component examples defined in the component yaml files, and assert that the HTML tags, attributes and classes are as expected. For example: checking that when you pass in an `id` to the component using the Nunjucks macro, it outputs the component with an `id` attribute equal to that value.
```

> If a component uses JavaScript, we also write functional tests in a `[component name].test.js` file, for example [checkboxes.test.js](../../src/govuk/components/checkboxes/checkboxes.test.js). These component tests check that interactions, e.g: a mouse click, have the expected result, e.g: the component gaining focus or the addition of a class/HTML attribute.

Reviewer 2: Remove e.g. - These component tests check that interactions, such as a mouse click, have the expected result. 
I don't think the last example (the component gaining focus) is needed.

> Component JavaScript logic should also be tested using unit tests, in a `[component name].unit.test.mjs` file. These tests are better suited for testing behind-the-scenes logic or in cases where the final output of some logic isn't a change to the component markup.

Reviewer 2: Suggest removing the passive voice by changing to - 'You should also test Component Javascript logic with unit tests...etc' 
Also expand 'isn't' to 'is not'. (this is only because the style guide says not to contract negative statements)
Add a comma after 'logic'.

### Global tests
We write functional tests for checking our JavaScript exports and our global sass variables - see [all.test.js](../../src/govuk/all.test.js) for examples of global tests we run.

### Conventions

> We aim to write the description of our tests in as "natural language" as possible, for instance "back-link component fails to render if the required fields are not included".

Reviewer 2: Would changing 'natural language' still work if it was changed to 'plain English'? Something like this - We aim to write the test descriptions in plain English. For example, "back-link...etc

Author: I'm not sure - do you think that has the same meaning? I think we're trying to say that test names should make sense as a sentence when read out loud, which may be slightly different to plain English. Although I'm struggling to think of an example 🤔

Reviewer 2: Ah I see. Well 'colloquial' would be an accurate word, but not particularly user friendly. How about 'everyday language' or 'conversational language'?

Author: @claireashworth Silly question - how would you word that as a sentence? E.g: "we aim to write the test descriptions in everyday language" - would that be ok?

Reviewer 2: yup that sounds good

> Each test should be independent and isolated from all other tests. It shouldn't matter what order tests are run in, or how many tests from a test suite are run.

Reviewer 2: Suggest changing to something like - Keep all tests separate from each other. It should not matter the order or amount of tests you run from a test suite.

> Try and keep assertions small, so they only check for one thing. This makes tests more readable and makes it easier to see what's happening if a test is failing.

Reviewer 2: amend to ...so each test only checks for one thing.
